{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red66\green68\blue74;\red22\green82\blue202;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c32941\c33725\c36078;\cssrgb\c9804\c41569\c83137;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa480\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 PLEASE PRINT THIS MESSAGE FOR YOUR RECORDS - PLEASE READ THIS EMAIL IN FULL.
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa480\partightenfactor0
\cf2 If you have requested a domain name during sign up, we will register this domain once your payment has been cleared, this can take 24 hours.\
Dear Joseph Opeoluwa (JAYSICOM TECHNOLOGIES),\
Qservers.net provides instant webhosting activation, you domain should be visible within the next 10 mins of receiving this mail. If by any reason the domain is not visible online, do not be alarmed, it is still propagating. This process is called Propagation and it takes between 24 - 72 hours after domain registration. Until your domain has Propagated your website and email will not function, we have provided a temporary url which you may use to view your website and upload files in the meantime.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa480\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 IMPORTANT:
\b0 \'a0Make sure you upload your files to the WWW directory on the server otherwise they will not be visible on the internet. Also, please be sure that your homepage is saved as an "index" file e.g., index.htm, index.html, etc. We suggest you download a free ftp software from our site:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.qservers.net/process/downloads.php"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \strokec3 http://www.qservers.net/process/downloads.php}}\'a0if you do not already have an ftp client.\
Below are your account details, you will need your username and password to access ftp and your control panel.\

\b New Account Info
\b0 \
Domain: rashollinvestment.com\uc0\u8232 Username: rasholli\u8232 Password: vcC3w4i6C6\u8232 Hosting Package: Starter Pack\u8232 Server IP: 67.225.142.105\u8232 Nameserver 1: ns23.qservers.net\u8232 Nameserver 2: ns24.qservers.net\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa480\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \uc0\u65533 
\f0 \
Once your domain has Propagated\
FTP Hostname: ftp.rashollinvestment.com\uc0\u8232 FTP Username: rasholli\u8232 FTP Password: vcC3w4i6C6\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 Webpage URL:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.rashollinvestment.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \strokec3 http://www.rashollinvestment.com}}\
\uc0\u8232 Control Panel:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.rashollinvestment.com/cpanel"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \strokec3 http://www.rashollinvestment.com/cpanel}}\
Control Panel Username:
\f1 \uc0\u65533 
\f0  rasholli\
Control Panel Password:
\f1 \uc0\u65533 
\f0  vcC3w4i6C6\

\f1 \uc0\u65533 
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa480\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Mail settings
\b0 \
Catch all email with your default email account\
POP3 Host Address : mail.rashollinvestment.com\uc0\u8232 SMTP Host Address: mail.rashollinvestment.com\u8232 Username: rasholli\u8232 Password: vcC3w4i6C6\
Web Mail:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.rashollinvestment.com/cpanel"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \strokec3 http://www.rashollinvestment.com/webmail}}\
Additional mail accounts that you add\
POP3 Host Address : mail.rashollinvestment.com\uc0\u8232 SMTP Host Address: mail.rashollinvestment.com\u8232 Username : The FULL email address that you are picking up from (e.g. info@yourdomain.com).\'a0\u8232 If your email client cannot accept a @ symbol, then you may replace this with a backslash .\u8232 Password : As specified in your control panel\
Thank you for choosing us.\
QServers\uc0\u8232 Always Online, Always Hosting!\u8232 \u8232 - Get PAID as much as 20% commission on paid orders your refer to us. Visit https://www.qservers.net/?affiliates.html to sign up.\u8232 \u8232 Affiliates: https://www.qservers.net/?affiliates.html\u8232 Knowledgebase: http://www.qservers.net/process/knowledgebase.php\u8232 Downloads: http://www.qservers.net/process/downloads.php\u8232 \u8232 Facebook: http://facebook.com/Qservers.net\u8232 Twitter: http://twitter.com/qservershosting\
}